---
title: AGM 2022 - Minutes
date: 2022-09-20T10:29:00+01:00
page_type: article
summary: Minutes of the 2022 AGM
---

# Annual General Meeting
##### Wednesday 14th September 2022 - 19:30
## Meeting Minutes

Committee Members Present: Josh Cooke (Chair); Richard Phillips (KO Director)\
Teams Present: Bank Shots; Just the Tip; Colours; Barracuda; Pool Shack\
Apologies: Tristram Taylor (Treasurer)

Meeting was opened with the acknowledgement that the Chair had received notice that 8 teams had confirmed their participation in the upcoming 22/23 season. Therefore 5 out of 8 teams were present and able to vote on matters arising.

**1. 21/22 Season Results**

The following players/teams were announced as the winners of the previous season:

Division 1 League winners: Bank Shots\
Division 1 League runners up: Just the Tip\
Division 2 League winners: LCP Leaf Tailed Geckos\
Division 2 League runners up: UCL\
Singles KO winner: Nick Phillips\
Singles KO runner up: Mark Shepherd\
Doubles KO winner: Nick Phillips/Ajay Gohill\
Doubles KO runner up: Josh Allen/Jon Wright\
Team KO winner: Just the Tip\
Team KO runner up: Pool Shack

**2. Accounts**

Apologies had been received from the Treasurer who was not able to attend.\
Therefore, accounts were not available at the meeting - the Chair reported that the accounts were in a “healthy” state.\
Members present asked for accounts to be published as soon as was practically possible, as it would inform the League’s ability to do new things during this season; and also because accounts have not been published for several years.

**3. Election of Committee Positions**

   Chair\
   Nominations received from Elena Ionescu and Josh Cooke\
   Josh elected Chair 3 votes to 2.

   Secretary\
   Nomination received from Richard Phillips\
   Richard elected unanimously

   Treasurer\
   Nomination received from Tristram Taylor\
   Tristram elected unanimously

   Division 1 director\
   Nomination received from Omeed Starmer\
   Omeed elected unanimously

   Division 2 director\
   No nominations received\
   Position vacant

   KO director\
   Nomination received from Richard Phillips\
   Richard elected unanimously

**4. 22/23 League season**

It was not possible to agree the league structure for the upcoming 22/23 season; as it has not yet been confirmed how many teams would be entering. It was agreed that:
* We should wait until the beginning of October ‘22 to allow more teams to enter
* The committee may make an appropriate call following the closure of entries on the best format for the league - one or two divisions; and how many times teams play each other
* It is noted that there was some appetite for a summer league, and therefore this could inform the number of weeks available for the upcoming season.

After league fees were not required for the incomplete 2019/20 season, nor last season. It was confirmed that fees would be payable by each team for the 2022/23 season once again.
For any teams that paid fees for the 2019/20 season, they would be given credit for the upcoming season.

**5. Motions for changes to rules/additions to the league**

**_Interleague Reform_**

Proposal to create an Interleague Director as a position on the committee.\
This role would be responsible for picking the interleague captains; organising trails or method for determining the squads for each interleague team; and in collaboration through the League Chair attend meetings regarding the GLCPA.

It was unanimously agreed that this position was required.

Nominations for Interleague Director received from Mark Rodericks.\
Mark unanimously elected for the upcoming season.

**_Firm(er) penalties for missed matches_**

It was unanimously agreed to keep the current rules; however they should be enforced more rigorously by the committee for this season.\
Teams should cc their division director into emails organising matches, so it is clear when attempts have been made to schedule.

**_Fixed night for matches_**

No specific night was suggested to vote on.\
Through discussion it was agreed that a fixed night for all matches didn’t currently seem feasible based on the availability of Hurricane Rooms; and leagues using other nights already.\
Proposed to update rules to reflect:
* Home captain nominates two nights in the week the match is due to be played. This is to be done two weeks in advance.
* Away team has to pick one of them, if they cannot then it is classed as a postponement.
* The above change would supplement the existing rules that a team cannot maintain more than two matches in a postponed state, else they incur defaults.

Vote passed unanimously

**_Frames to be played on the next available table_**

Proposed change to the rules of running a match - so that frames are played in order starting on whichever table becomes free next. The same format as interleague matches.

Vote passed unanimously

**_Change match structure to 3 sets of 5 singles_**

Proposed to change the match structure to 15 singles frames only, played by 5 players.\
This would change the team size to 5; but maintain the ability for a team to play with 4 players with a point penalty.

Vote not passed 3-2

**_Committee to organise all fixtures and venues of matches_**

It was stated by the Chair that with the time available before the upcoming season that it would not be possible to organise this for this year.\
It was therefore decided to revisit this at the next AGM; and also hold the next AGM with more time before the start of the following season.

Change the match start time to 19:30

It was unanimously agreed to maintain the current match start time of 19:00; with captains having the discretion to allow for a late start without penalty if they both agree to it.

**_Additional tournaments_**

It was agreed that no changes to the rules of the league were required.\
There was general sentiment among members that additional tournaments would be of interest; including that the committee should look at interest in a summer league in 2023.

**_Addition of a new committee position for sponsorship and venue liaison_**

It was agreed that this is the responsibility of the Chair, and this should be reflected in the constitution for operating the League.\
It was agreed that the committee should be actively reaching out to build the status of the League.

**_Penalties for late payment of league fees_**

This motion was withdrawn in light of the fact that there were many teams with credit for the upcoming season.

**6. Any other business**

All captains are advised that Hurricane Rooms are not able to provide food for matches at very short notice; so all matches should be booked in at least seven days in advance. Later requests will of course be provided with tables should they be available, but food may be missing.\
It is proposed for the 2022/23 season to begin in the week commencing 17th October. The committee will confirm this once the number of registered teams is confirmed.

Meeting closed at 21:10.
